fears of a wider War are growing as Iran
threatens Israel with a broad
Counterstrike for the killing of Ismael
hania tan blames Israel for
assassinating the Hamas leader on its
soil the US announced it sending
additional fighter jets to the region
along with an aircraft carrier to help
defend Israel Crowds Are lining up at
beirut's International Airport as the US
the UK and other governments urge their
citizens to leave Lebanon as soon as
possible the US Embassy in Lebanon is
telling its citizens to leave leave
unquote any Ticket available after
several Airlines suspended and canceled
flights to Beirut British Nationals have
been told to quote leave now by the UK
government joining me now is DW
correspondent Tanya Kramer in Jerusalem
Tanya Iran has promised to strike Israel
the US and UK governments are telling
their citizens to leave Lebanon as soon
as possible what's the mood like in
Israel well I think it depends who you
ask I mean generally some people I
talked to here over the past week they
said what it had to be done you know
there strikes in Beirut but also in
Teran for which Israel has not taken
responsibility but uh they see this as
necessary for Israel's deterrence others
have said you know what does that mean
then for the hostages that are still
being held in Gaza and for the talks to
bring them home but generally speaking
here the mood is a bit let waiting
period everybody is now talking about
what will be the scope uh of this
retaliation
the anticipated retaliation by Hezbollah
and by Iran and when will it happen Iran
and Hezbollah have in indicated that it
will be a multi-layered attack involving
also the other uh Iran's proxies like
the shared militias in Iraq the hthis
and Yemen Hezbollah of course and uh
Iran itself that reminds a bit people
here of the attacks uh in April when
Iran launched drones and missiles they
were at the time intercepted mostly by
the air defense but still you know
there's uh at the moment the home front
guidelines are have not been changed a
daily life continues the most visible
sign maybe is that also here foreign
Airlines have announced that they're
suspending flights in the coming days so
it is a waiting period right now what is
there to happen What will be the scope
and also then of course the question how
will Israel then respond to that and
whether that is the start of an more
intensifying conflict here Tanya Kramer
in Jerusalem thank you so much
and at least nine people including a
local commander of hamas's military Wing
have been killed in two separate Israeli
air strikes in the occupied West Bank
the Israeli Army says it targeted
militants in both
attacks Israel carried out its first air
strike on a vehicle near the city of
tarum in the occupied West
Bank it says the cow was carrying a
terrorist squad on its way to carry out
an
attack Hamas confirmed one of its
commanders was among those killed its
Ally Islamic Jihad claimed the other
four men killed as its
Fighters I liveed nearby my house is
here I was heading to work when I heard
the explosion I went with my employee to
check the site we saw a young man killed
near the car on the road and there were
Martyrs inside the
vehicle then the Army fired another
missile so we ran away car was on fire
and we
ran a short while later Israel killed
four more Palestinians in another strike
nearby the Army says they were militants
who opened fire on Israeli troops
operating in the
area we received information there were
Martyrs near the car and after an hour
and a half of not being in there the
Army withdrew and we came in there and
found their
remains journalists on the ground were
also caught up in the raids in Israeli
troops fired tear gas at them as they
tried to cover the
confrontations according to the local
Health Ministry around 600 Palestinians
have been killed by Israeli fire in the
West Bank since the start of the Israel
Hamas war in Gaza